Orphaned packages #25067 keichwa (#3329)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/client-configuration/pages/package-management.adoc

. In the {productname} {webui}, navigate to [guimenu]``Systems``, click the client to compare, and navigate to the menu:Systems[Software > Packages > Profiles] subtab.
    To compare with a stored profile, select the profile and click btn:[Compare].
. To compare with another client, select the client name and click btn:[Compare] to see a list of differences between the two clients.

== Orphaned Packages

> Orphaned packages do not have associated channels.

Reviewer: WDYT about defining the term? You write that orphaned packages do not have associated channels, but maybe someone could be confused if "orphaned package" is a new term, or if it's a type of "package"? 

```suggestion
Orphaned packages are packages synchronized by {productname} that are not associated with a software channel.
```

> Therefore, orphaned packages are usually not available to {productname} clients and cannot install such packages.

Reviewer: We are missing a word or two here. Who cannot install such packages?

> Orphaned packages can exist as a result of one of the following events:

Reviewer: Following my first suggestion, I'd reinforce here that we're not talking about a new term, but about a state of a package in uyuni/suma.

```suggestion
A package can become orphaned as a result of one of the following events:
```

> * A repository removes a package.
>   By default, in {productname} 5.0, we also unlink such package from the channel, but do not remove it.
>   In {productname} 4.3, this was the strict mode behavior.

Reviewer: Very nitpicky here... :) WDYT about:

- Remove "we"; IMHO there's no we, there's the product as the actor.
- Provide a few clarifications.
- Specify that the `strict mode` was a channel configuration.

```suggestion
* A synchronized repository removes a package.
  By default, {productname} 5.0 unlinks such package from the channel, but does not remove the package.
  In {productname} 4.3, you can enable this behavior by using the `strict mode` channel configuration.
```

* A repository supersedes a package with a newer version and thus removes the previous version.
* The reposync process got interrupted (for example, because of an out of space exception) and thus downloaded packages were not associated with a channel.
* Users manually uploaded packages, but did not associate them with any channel.

> Orphaned packages costs space in user environment and cannot easily
> distributed to clients because they are not associated with a channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Orphaned packages cost space in user environment and cannot be easily distributed to clients because they are not associated with a channel.
```

Orphaned package can make sense with specific workflows like bootstrapping or customer-specific procedures.

You can view orphaned packages in the {webui} by clicking menu:Software[Manage > Packages > view Packages in no channel]

{productname} periodically runs a Taskomatic job that searches for orphaned packages and modifies the package organization ID to 1.

> Thus users can delete them.
> This is significant because the Taskomatic job runs once per day, so customers might not be able to delete all the orphaned packages until the job runs.

Reviewer: Not sure if you were meant to keep the last sentence here. This should be clearer to the readers, maybe?

```suggestion
This means that you can delete orphaned packages only after the Taskomatic job execution.
If you encounter an orphaned package that you cannot delete, wait 24 hours and try the deletion again.
```
